Announcements
* Next week, our summer series, Another Kind of Freedom, continues with the theme, Prophetic Witness.
* Summer Clothing Drive is ongoing- bring new or gently used summer clothing items to security booth anytime! We’ll share those with our neighbors as part of Food@First on Sunday, Aug. 16.
* Two save the dates for you! Sunday, Aug. 9, our LGBTQ+ group here is hosting another Book Launch following the service in Shatto Chapel. And our Community Collaborative is hosting a Summer Picnic in the Amanda Scott Gardens on Saturday, Aug. 29th!
* The NEO Voice Festival will be in residence at FCCLA next week. Their opening concert is on Saturday July 25th, they will be with us in the service on Sunday morning July 26th, and their new ExplOratorio will premiere on Friday July 31st. Laurel Irene will also perform a special concert on Wednesday July 29th that will be a loving retrospective of her time here in LA. Tickets for all of these concerts are on the Resonance Collective website, and you can get free tickets by using the code: FCCLA.
* David’s and Laurel’s Last Sunday- Aug. 2
* Thanks, Jaebon! Look forward to welcoming her back on Aug. 9! Next two Sundays, we’ll be joined by our friend, Dr. Abe Ross.
* Thanks, Food@First team that serves today from the Forecourt. And thanks to our Gardens team for their harvest this morning.
* Join us for Coffee Hour today following the Service! Also, Good Neighborhood Church has invited our community to watch the World Cup game with them this afternoon on the big screen in Shatto Chapel! Pizza and drinks will be served.

Organ-Prelude Concert, Dr. Jaebon Hwang, Guest Organist
Prelude and Fugue in B Major, op. 7, no. 1, Marcel Dupré
St. Francis of Assisi preaching to the birds, Franz Liszt; arr. Camille Saint-Saëns
Prélude, Nadia Boulanger
Grand Chœur Dialogue, Eugène Gigout

Sunday Service

Hymn of Gathering, Holy, Wondrous Mystery, Birthing All Creation

Sunday Service

Introit, “Love Is Little”, arr. David García Saldaña - Cathedral Choir, Miriam Adhonom, Conductor

Sunday Service

Meditation Anthem, “You All Have My Love”, Tanner Pfeiffer - Tanner Pfeiffer, Soloist, Dr. Jaebon Hwang, Piano

Sermon, The Heart of Service - Rev. Laura Vail Fregin

Sunday Service

Offertory Anthem, “God, Make Me An Instrument”, Roger Holland II - Cathedral Choir

Sunday Service

Choral Response, “Walk Together, Children”, Moses Hogan - Laude

Hymn for the Journey, In the Midst of All Our Living

Sunday Service

Postlude, Nicaea, arr. Craig Phillips - Dr. Jaebon Hwang, Guest Organist